index.md, before:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: default
---

# About me

I'm a PhD student at [Chalmers University of Technology](https://www.chalmers.se/en/Pages/default.aspx) in the [Mechatronics group](https://www.chalmers.se/en/departments/e2/research/systems-and-control/Pages/Mechatronics.aspx), within the division of Systems and Control. My research topic consists of robotic manipulation of deformable objects using learning-based methods. My position is funded by the Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation, as part of the [Wallenberg AI, Autonomous Systems and Software Program (WASP)](https://wasp-sweden.org/). I previously also completed my Master studies at Chalmers, where I did my thesis work within the [Biomechatronics and Neurorehabilitation Lab](http://www.bnl.chalmers.se/wordpress/). My focus was on implementing Deep Learning methods for myoelectric control, which has applications in robotic prosthetics and neuromuscular rehabilitation.

I started my graduate studies in February, 2019 after working for a little over a year as an engineering consultant at [i3tex](https://www.i3tex.com/). My research project lies at the intersection of machine learning, robotics and automatic control. My aim is to specialize in AI and learning-based approaches for control, emphasizing on the robotic manipulation of deformable objects.

## Project Description

Modern robotic applications require handling of deformable objects. In industrial settings, a multitude of deformable objects is encountered, ranging from foams and padding of variable stiffness to plastic parts that need to be snapped into a fixture, etc. Similarly, there are numerous potential applications of deformable object manipulations in fields ranging from agriculture to medicine such as robotic surgery. The main goal of my research project is to deal with the manipulation of deformable objects by combining i) data-driven modeling of robot-object interaction based on Deep Neural Networks and vision/force data, and ii) design of control policies based on Reinforcement Learning principles.

### Supervisors

Main Supervisor: [Yiannis Karayiannidis](http://yiannis.info/)<br/>
Co-Supervisor: [Florian T. Pokorny](http://www.csc.kth.se/~fpokorny/)

### Graduate Courses

- Deep learning and GANs (WASP)
- Machine Learning in Optimal Control (Chalmers)
- Learning Theory and Reinforcement Learning (WASP)
- Scalable Data Science and Distributed Machine Learning (WASP)
- Graphical Models, Bayesian Learning and Statistical Relational learning (WASP)
- Artificial Intelligence and Society: Ethical, Legal, Societal and Economical Aspects of AI (WASP)

### Teaching Duties

- [2021/2022] [Modelling and Control of Mechatronic Systems](https://student.portal.chalmers.se/en/chalmersstudies/courseinformation/pages/searchcourse.aspx?course_id=24169&parsergrp=3)
- [2020/2021/2022] [Linear Control System Design](https://student.portal.chalmers.se/en/chalmersstudies/courseinformation/Pages/SearchCourse.aspx?course_id=22002&parsergrp=3)
- [2020] [Model Predictive Control](https://student.portal.chalmers.se/en/chalmersstudies/courseinformation/pages/searchcourse.aspx?course_id=28600&parsergrp=3)

## Completed Education

- 2021, **Lic. Electrical Engineering**, *Chalmers University of Technology*
- 2018, **MSc. Biomedical Engineering**, *Chalmers University of Technology*
- 2015, **BSc. Biomedical Engineering**, *Polytechnic Institute of Porto*

### Other education

- 2019, [Reinforcement Learning Summer SCOOL](https://rlss.inria.fr/)
- 2019, [RobotCraft (Robotics Craftsmanship International Academy)](https://robotcraft.ingeniarius.pt/)
- 2018, [Responsible Robotics and AI – IDEA League Summer School](https://responsiblerobotics.org/event/idea-league-summer-school/)

Commit message:

Added LinkedIn. Made small corrections. Added latest workshop.

index.md, after:

---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: default
---

# About me

I'm a PhD student at [Chalmers University of Technology](https://www.chalmers.se/en/Pages/default.aspx) in the [Mechatronics group](https://www.chalmers.se/en/departments/e2/research/systems-and-control/Pages/Mechatronics.aspx), within the division of Systems and Control. My research topic consists of robotic manipulation of deformable objects using learning-based methods. My position is funded by the Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation, as part of the [Wallenberg AI, Autonomous Systems and Software Program (WASP)](https://wasp-sweden.org/). I previously also completed my Master studies at Chalmers, where I did my thesis work within the [Biomechatronics and Neurorehabilitation Lab](http://www.bnl.chalmers.se/wordpress/). My focus was on implementing Deep Learning methods for myoelectric control, which has applications in robotic prosthetics and neuromuscular rehabilitation.

I started my graduate studies in February, 2019 after working for a little over a year as an engineering consultant at [i3tex](https://www.i3tex.com/). My research project lies at the intersection of machine learning, robotics and automatic control. My aim is to specialize in AI and learning-based approaches for control, emphasizing on the robotic manipulation of deformable objects.

## Project Description

Modern robotic applications require handling of deformable objects. In industrial settings, a multitude of deformable objects are handled on a daily basis, ranging from *linear* objects such as cables and wires that have to be installed on electronic devices; *planar* objects like sheets of metal can be cut and molded; to *volumetric* objects made for example foam materials which can to be applied as padding for insulation purposes. Outside industrial settings, there are numerous other potential applications of deformable object manipulation in fields ranging from agriculture to medicine. The main goal of my research project is to address robotic manipulation problems involving deformable objects by combining i) data-driven modeling of robot-object interaction based on Deep Neural Networks and vision/force data, and ii) design of control policies based on Reinforcement Learning principles.

### Supervisors

Main Supervisor: [Yiannis Karayiannidis](http://yiannis.info/)<br/>
Co-Supervisor: [Florian T. Pokorny](http://www.csc.kth.se/~fpokorny/)

### Graduate Courses

- Deep learning and GANs (WASP)
- Machine Learning in Optimal Control (Chalmers)
- Learning Theory and Reinforcement Learning (WASP)
- Scalable Data Science and Distributed Machine Learning (WASP)
- Graphical Models, Bayesian Learning and Statistical Relational learning (WASP)
- Artificial Intelligence and Society: Ethical, Legal, Societal and Economical Aspects of AI (WASP)

### Teaching Duties

- [2021/2022] [Modelling and Control of Mechatronic Systems](https://student.portal.chalmers.se/en/chalmersstudies/courseinformation/pages/searchcourse.aspx?course_id=24169&parsergrp=3)
- [2020/2021/2022] [Linear Control System Design](https://student.portal.chalmers.se/en/chalmersstudies/courseinformation/Pages/SearchCourse.aspx?course_id=22002&parsergrp=3)
- [2020] [Model Predictive Control](https://student.portal.chalmers.se/en/chalmersstudies/courseinformation/pages/searchcourse.aspx?course_id=28600&parsergrp=3)

## Completed Education

- 2021, **Lic. Electrical Engineering**, *Chalmers University of Technology*
- 2018, **MSc. Biomedical Engineering**, *Chalmers University of Technology*
- 2015, **BSc. Biomedical Engineering**, *Polytechnic Institute of Porto*

### Other education

- 2019, [Reinforcement Learning Summer SCOOL](https://rlss.inria.fr/)
- 2019, [RobotCraft (Robotics Craftsmanship International Academy)](https://robotcraft.ingeniarius.pt/)
- 2018, [Responsible Robotics and AI – IDEA League Summer School](https://responsiblerobotics.org/event/idea-league-summer-school/)
